# TattooProject
Frontend and Backend Web Development

Online Tattoo Design and Shopping Website project is constituted for finding an easier way for the users who want to get a tattoo but cannot be sure about the design. For this purpose, a web application will be implemented that allows users and designers to find each other. The website will include detailed surveys for user preferences, articles part for tattoos, health, and hygiene, best tattoos of a given: year, bodypart, gender; artists’ profiles and works, location based studio and designer search, booking options for the users from studios and artists, option to have a new design by a specific designer, rating of the designers’ given by the users who bought a design or made an appointment with him/her. Apart from the user-artist based features, the website will also have a search bar tool for the users in order to find any design that is requested from the database. All the pictures will be stored in the database with their tags that will be given according to the contents of pictures. In this way, while a picture is viewed by a user, related pictures will also be shown as pictures that might be interesting. There will be 2 login systems for the users and artists. Accordingly, the interface of users and artists will be different. As an e-commerce website project, main needs of the tattoo industry including the buyers and implementers will be assembled under a single roof. Hence, it will give service to both customers and vendors.


The template plans for the website were first created for front-end development. For example, the home page, user page, registration have been illustrated without using any technology and coding and shared with group members and the instructor of the project In order to implement these templates HTML, CSS and JavaScript will be used as the main programming languages. HTML helps web designers create structure profiles, links, block excerpts, paragraphs, and titles for pages and applications. Web pages can be shaped by using tags and attributes, which are simple code structures. HTML can actually be called the skeleton of a website. In other words, the website cannot be coded without HTML codes. Using HTML, placement of headers, tags, images, links, buttons are established as in templates. Secondly, it is easy to provide effective and functional control over the layout, colours, fonts used, subtitles, visual effects and other visual elements of the web pages with CSS.  Background colours, text fonts, headers, lines are created using CSS as it is in templates. To do that Bootstrap 4 is mainly used. As a result of front-end developments, templates are ready to be transferred to semi-functional  web pages.
